tests/README.md, before:

# Tests 

This directory contains two types of tests: benchmark tests (located in the bench directory) and integration tests (located in the integration directory). 
In addition to these, unit tests are also distributed among the other directories of the source code.

## Test Types

### Benchmark Tests

The bench directory contains benchmark tests that are used to measure and monitor the performance of the database.

### Integration Tests

The integration directory contains integration tests that ensure different components of the system work together correctly.

### Unit Tests

Unit tests are spread throughout the source code and are located in the same directories as the code they are testing. 
These tests focus on small, isolated parts of the code to ensure each part is working as expected.

## Mocks

For unit tests, we sometimes use mocks. Mocks are automatically generated from Go interfaces using the mockery tool. 
This helps to isolate the code being tested and provide more focused and reliable tests.

The mocks are generated into a separate mocks directory. You can generate a mock for a specific interface using the following command:

```shell
mockery --name <interface_name> --with-expecter
```

Here, `--name` specifies the name of the interface for which to generate the mock.

The `--with-expecter` option adds a helper struct for each method, making the mock strongly typed. 
This leads to more generated code, but it removes the need to pass strings around and increases type safety.

For more information on mockery, please refer to the [official repository](https://github.com/vektra/mockery).

Commit message:

Build mocks using make
And always in the CI

tests/README.md, after:

# Tests 

This directory contains two types of tests: benchmark tests (located in the bench directory) and integration tests (located in the integration directory). 
In addition to these, unit tests are also distributed among the other directories of the source code.

## Test Types

### Benchmark Tests

The bench directory contains benchmark tests that are used to measure and monitor the performance of the database.

### Integration Tests

The integration directory contains integration tests that ensure different components of the system work together correctly.

### Unit Tests

Unit tests are spread throughout the source code and are located in the same directories as the code they are testing. 
These tests focus on small, isolated parts of the code to ensure each part is working as expected.

## Mocks

For unit tests, we sometimes use mocks. Mocks are automatically generated from Go interfaces using the mockery tool. 
This helps to isolate the code being tested and provide more focused and reliable tests.

To regenerate the mocks, run `make mock`.  `make test:ci` will also do this.
