docs/cli/defradb_client_query.md, before:

## defradb client query

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request

### Synopsis

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request to the database.

A query request can be sent as a single argument. Example command:
  defradb client query 'query { ... }'

Do a query request from a file by using the '-f' flag. Example command:
  defradb client query -f request.graphql

Or it can be sent via stdin by using the '-' special syntax. Example command:
  cat request.graphql | defradb client query -

A GraphQL client such as GraphiQL (https://github.com/graphql/graphiql) can be used to interact
with the database more conveniently.

To learn more about the DefraDB GraphQL Query Language, refer to https://docs.source.network.

```
defradb client query [query request] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --file string   File containing the query request
  -h, --help          help for query
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --allowed-origins stringArray   List of origins to allow for CORS requests
      --log-format string             Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string              Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string             Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string          Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                    Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace                Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --max-txn-retries int           Specify the maximum number of retries per transaction (default 5)
      --no-p2p                        Disable the peer-to-peer network synchronization system
      --p2paddr strings               Listen addresses for the p2p network (formatted as a libp2p MultiAddr) (default [/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/9171])
      --peers stringArray             List of peers to connect to
      --privkeypath string            Path to the private key for tls
      --pubkeypath string             Path to the public key for tls
      --rootdir string                Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --store string                  Specify the datastore to use (supported: badger, memory) (default "badger")
      --tx uint                       Transaction ID
      --url string                    URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
      --valuelogfilesize int          Specify the datastore value log file size (in bytes). In memory size will be 2*valuelogfilesize (default 1073741824)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client](defradb_client.md)	 - Interact with a DefraDB node

Commit message:

PR(ACP-DOCS): Generate CLI Docs With Identity

docs/cli/defradb_client_query.md, after:

## defradb client query

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request

### Synopsis

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request to the database.

A query request can be sent as a single argument. Example command:
  defradb client query 'query { ... }'

Do a query request from a file by using the '-f' flag. Example command:
  defradb client query -f request.graphql

Do a query request from a file and with an identity. Example command:
  defradb client query -i cosmos1f2djr7dl9vhrk3twt3xwqp09nhtzec9mdkf70j -f request.graphql

Or it can be sent via stdin by using the '-' special syntax. Example command:
  cat request.graphql | defradb client query -

A GraphQL client such as GraphiQL (https://github.com/graphql/graphiql) can be used to interact
with the database more conveniently.

To learn more about the DefraDB GraphQL Query Language, refer to https://docs.source.network.

```
defradb client query [-i --identity] [request] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --file string       File containing the query request
  -h, --help              help for query
  -i, --identity string   Identity of the actor
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --allowed-origins stringArray   List of origins to allow for CORS requests
      --log-format string             Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string              Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string             Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string          Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                    Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace                Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --max-txn-retries int           Specify the maximum number of retries per transaction (default 5)
      --no-p2p                        Disable the peer-to-peer network synchronization system
      --p2paddr strings               Listen addresses for the p2p network (formatted as a libp2p MultiAddr) (default [/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/9171])
      --peers stringArray             List of peers to connect to
      --privkeypath string            Path to the private key for tls
      --pubkeypath string             Path to the public key for tls
      --rootdir string                Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --store string                  Specify the datastore to use (supported: badger, memory) (default "badger")
      --tx uint                       Transaction ID
      --url string                    URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
      --valuelogfilesize int          Specify the datastore value log file size (in bytes). In memory size will be 2*valuelogfilesize (default 1073741824)
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client](defradb_client.md)	 - Interact with a DefraDB node
