docs/cli/defradb_client_rpc_replicator_delete.md, before:

## defradb client rpc replicator delete

Delete a replicator

### Synopsis

Use this command if you wish to remove the target replicator
	for the p2p data sync system.

```
defradb client rpc replicator delete [-f, --full | -c, --collection] <peer> [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -c, --collection stringArray   Define the collection for the replicator
  -f, --full                     Set the replicator to act on all collections
  -h, --help                     help for delete
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --addr string          gRPC endpoint address (default "0.0.0.0:9161")
      --logformat string     Log format to use. Options are csv, json (default "csv")
      --logger stringArray   Override logger parameters. Usage: --logger <name>,level=<level>,output=<output>,...
      --loglevel string      Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --lognocolor           Disable colored log output
      --logoutput string     Log output path (default "stderr")
      --logtrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --rootdir string       Directory for data and configuration to use (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --url string           URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "localhost:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client rpc replicator](defradb_client_rpc_replicator.md)	 - Interact with the replicator system

Commit message:

docs: Improve CLI command documentation

docs/cli/defradb_client_rpc_replicator_delete.md, after:

## defradb client rpc replicator delete

Delete a replicator. It will stop synchronizing

### Synopsis

Remove a replicator. It will stop synchronizing.

```
defradb client rpc replicator delete [-f, --full | -c, --collection] <peer> [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -c, --collection stringArray   Define the collection for the replicator
  -f, --full                     Set the replicator to act on all collections
  -h, --help                     help for delete
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --addr string          RPC endpoint address (default "0.0.0.0:9161")
      --logformat string     Log format to use. Options are csv, json (default "csv")
      --logger stringArray   Override logger parameters. Usage: --logger <name>,level=<level>,output=<output>,...
      --loglevel string      Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --lognocolor           Disable colored log output
      --logoutput string     Log output path (default "stderr")
      --logtrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --rootdir string       Directory for data and configuration to use (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --url string           URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "localhost:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client rpc replicator](defradb_client_rpc_replicator.md)	 - Configure the replicator system
