docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_acp_policy_add.md, before:

## defradb client acp policy add

Add new policy

### Synopsis

Add new policy

Notes:
  - Can not add a policy without specifying an identity.
  - ACP must be available (i.e. ACP can not be disabled).
  - A non-DPI policy will be accepted (will be registered with acp system).
  - But only a valid DPI policyID & resource can be specified on a schema.
  - DPI validation happens when attempting to add a schema with '@policy'.
  - Learn more about [ACP & DPI Rules](/acp/README.md)

Example: add from an argument string:
  defradb client acp policy add -i 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f \
'
description: A Valid DefraDB Policy Interface

actor:
  name: actor

resources:
  users:
    permissions:
      read:
        expr: owner + reader
      write:
        expr: owner

    relations:
      owner:
        types:
          - actor
      reader:
        types:
          - actor
'

Example: add from file:
  defradb client acp policy add -f policy.yml \
  	-i 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f

Example: add from file, verbose flags:
  defradb client acp policy add --file policy.yml \
  	--identity 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f

Example: add from stdin:
  cat policy.yml | defradb client acp policy add -



```
defradb client acp policy add [-i --identity] [policy] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --file string   File to load a policy from
  -h, --help          help for add
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string             Hex formatted private key used to authenticate with ACP
      --keyring-backend string      Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string    Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string         Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string           Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string            Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string           Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string        Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                  Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace              Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                  Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color                Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string              Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --source-hub-address string   The SourceHub address authorized by the client to make SourceHub transactions on behalf of the actor
      --tx uint                     Transaction ID
      --url string                  URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client acp policy](defradb_client_acp_policy.md)	 - Interact with the acp policy features of DefraDB instance

Commit message:

chore: Make keyring non-interactive (#3026)
## Relevant issue(s)

Resolves #2995 

## Description

This PR makes the keyring interactions non-interactive by requiring the
keyring password to be set as an environment variable secret. It also
adds support for that secret to be stored in a `.env` file in the
working directory or in a file at a path defined by the `--secret-file`
flag.

Making the keyring non-interactive is necessary to support automated
deployments.

docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_acp_policy_add.md, after:

## defradb client acp policy add

Add new policy

### Synopsis

Add new policy

Notes:
  - Can not add a policy without specifying an identity.
  - ACP must be available (i.e. ACP can not be disabled).
  - A non-DPI policy will be accepted (will be registered with acp system).
  - But only a valid DPI policyID & resource can be specified on a schema.
  - DPI validation happens when attempting to add a schema with '@policy'.
  - Learn more about [ACP & DPI Rules](/acp/README.md)

Example: add from an argument string:
  defradb client acp policy add -i 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f \
'
description: A Valid DefraDB Policy Interface

actor:
  name: actor

resources:
  users:
    permissions:
      read:
        expr: owner + reader
      write:
        expr: owner

    relations:
      owner:
        types:
          - actor
      reader:
        types:
          - actor
'

Example: add from file:
  defradb client acp policy add -f policy.yml \
  	-i 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f

Example: add from file, verbose flags:
  defradb client acp policy add --file policy.yml \
  	--identity 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f

Example: add from stdin:
  cat policy.yml | defradb client acp policy add -



```
defradb client acp policy add [-i --identity] [policy] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --file string   File to load a policy from
  -h, --help          help for add
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string             Hex formatted private key used to authenticate with ACP
      --keyring-backend string      Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string    Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string         Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string           Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string            Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string           Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string        Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                  Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace              Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                  Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color                Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string              Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --secret-file string          Path to the file containing secrets (default ".env")
      --source-hub-address string   The SourceHub address authorized by the client to make SourceHub transactions on behalf of the actor
      --tx uint                     Transaction ID
      --url string                  URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client acp policy](defradb_client_acp_policy.md)	 - Interact with the acp policy features of DefraDB instance
