docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_query.md, before:

## defradb client query

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request

### Synopsis

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request to the database.

A query request can be sent as a single argument. Example command:
  defradb client query 'query { ... }'

Do a query request from a file by using the '-f' flag. Example command:
  defradb client query -f request.graphql

Do a query request from a file and with an identity. Example command:
  defradb client query -i 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f -f request.graphql

Or it can be sent via stdin by using the '-' special syntax. Example command:
  cat request.graphql | defradb client query -

A GraphQL client such as GraphiQL (https://github.com/graphql/graphiql) can be used to interact
with the database more conveniently.

To learn more about the DefraDB GraphQL Query Language, refer to https://docs.source.network.

```
defradb client query [-i --identity] [request] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --file string   File containing the query request
  -h, --help          help for query
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string             Hex formatted private key used to authenticate with ACP
      --keyring-backend string      Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string    Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string         Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string           Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string            Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string           Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string        Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                  Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace              Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                  Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color                Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string              Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --source-hub-address string   The SourceHub address authorized by the client to make SourceHub transactions on behalf of the actor
      --tx uint                     Transaction ID
      --url string                  URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client](defradb_client.md)	 - Interact with a DefraDB node

Commit message:

feat: GQL variables and operation name (#2993)
## Relevant issue(s)

Resolves #1441
Resolves #1395 

## Description

This PR adds support for GraphQL variables and operation name.

## Tasks

- [x] I made sure the code is well commented, particularly
hard-to-understand areas.
- [x] I made sure the repository-held documentation is changed
accordingly.
- [x] I made sure the pull request title adheres to the conventional
commit style (the subset used in the project can be found in
[tools/configs/chglog/config.yml](tools/configs/chglog/config.yml)).
- [x] I made sure to discuss its limitations such as threats to
validity, vulnerability to mistake and misuse, robustness to
invalidation of assumptions, resource requirements, ...

## How has this been tested?

Added tests

Specify the platform(s) on which this was tested:
- MacOS

docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_query.md, after:

## defradb client query

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request

### Synopsis

Send a DefraDB GraphQL query request to the database.

A query request can be sent as a single argument. Example command:
  defradb client query 'query { ... }'

Do a query request from a file by using the '-f' flag. Example command:
  defradb client query -f request.graphql

Do a query request from a file and with an identity. Example command:
  defradb client query -i 028d53f37a19afb9a0dbc5b4be30c65731479ee8cfa0c9bc8f8bf198cc3c075f -f request.graphql

Or it can be sent via stdin by using the '-' special syntax. Example command:
  cat request.graphql | defradb client query -

A GraphQL client such as GraphiQL (https://github.com/graphql/graphiql) can be used to interact
with the database more conveniently.

To learn more about the DefraDB GraphQL Query Language, refer to https://docs.source.network.

```
defradb client query [-i --identity] [request] [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --file string        File containing the query request
  -h, --help               help for query
  -o, --operation string   Name of the operation to execute in the query
  -v, --variables string   JSON encoded variables to use in the query
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string             Hex formatted private key used to authenticate with ACP
      --keyring-backend string      Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string    Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string         Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string           Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string            Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string           Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string        Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                  Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace              Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                  Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color                Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string              Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --source-hub-address string   The SourceHub address authorized by the client to make SourceHub transactions on behalf of the actor
      --tx uint                     Transaction ID
      --url string                  URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client](defradb_client.md)	 - Interact with a DefraDB node
