docs/website/references/cli/defradb_start.md, before:

# start

Start a DefraDB node

## Synopsis

Start a new instance of DefraDB node.

```
defradb start [flags]
```

## Options

```
      --email string                Email address used by the CA for notifications (default "example@example.com")
  -h, --help                        help for start
      --max-txn-retries int         Specify the maximum number of retries per transaction (default 5)
      --no-p2p                      Disable the peer-to-peer network synchronization system
      --p2paddr string              Listener address for the p2p network (formatted as a libp2p MultiAddr) (default "/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/9171")
      --peers string                List of peers to connect to
      --privkeypath string          Path to the private key for tls (default "certs/server.crt")
      --pubkeypath string           Path to the public key for tls (default "certs/server.key")
      --store string                Specify the datastore to use (supported: badger, memory) (default "badger")
      --tcpaddr string              Listener address for the tcp gRPC server (formatted as a libp2p MultiAddr) (default "/ip4/0.0.0.0/tcp/9161")
      --tls                         Enable serving the API over https
      --valuelogfilesize ByteSize   Specify the datastore value log file size (in bytes). In memory size will be 2*valuelogfilesize (default 1GiB)
```

## Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --logformat string     Log format to use. Options are csv, json (default "csv")
      --logger stringArray   Override logger parameters. Usage: --logger <name>,level=<level>,output=<output>,...
      --loglevel string      Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --lognocolor           Disable colored log output
      --logoutput string     Log output path (default "stderr")
      --logtrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --rootdir string       Directory for data and configuration to use (default "$HOME/.defradb")
      --url string           URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "localhost:9181")
```

## SEE ALSO

* [defradb](defradb.md)	 - DefraDB Edge Database

Commit message:

docs: Streamline cli documentation (#2646)
## Relevant issue(s)
Resolves #2166
Resovles #2645

## Description
- Delete old cli dir
- Update make command to generate in the new website dir
- Actually update the documents in the new directory.


## How has this been tested?
`make docs:cli`

Specify the platform(s) on which this was tested:
- WSL2

docs/website/references/cli/defradb_start.md, after:

## defradb start

Start a DefraDB node

### Synopsis

Start a DefraDB node.

```
defradb start [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --allowed-origins stringArray   List of origins to allow for CORS requests
  -h, --help                          help for start
      --max-txn-retries int           Specify the maximum number of retries per transaction (default 5)
      --no-p2p                        Disable the peer-to-peer network synchronization system
      --p2paddr strings               Listen addresses for the p2p network (formatted as a libp2p MultiAddr) (default [/ip4/127.0.0.1/tcp/9171])
      --peers stringArray             List of peers to connect to
      --privkeypath string            Path to the private key for tls
      --pubkeypath string             Path to the public key for tls
      --store string                  Specify the datastore to use (supported: badger, memory) (default "badger")
      --valuelogfilesize int          Specify the datastore value log file size (in bytes). In memory size will be 2*valuelogfilesize (default 1073741824)
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --keyring-backend string     Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string   Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string        Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string          Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string           Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string          Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string       Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                 Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                 Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color               Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string             Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --url string                 URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb](defradb.md)	 - DefraDB Edge Database
