docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_tx_create.md, before:

## defradb client tx create

Create a new DefraDB transaction.

### Synopsis

Create a new DefraDB transaction.

```
defradb client tx create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --concurrent   Transaction is concurrent
  -h, --help         help for create
      --read-only    Transaction is read only
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string             Hex formatted private key used to authenticate with ACP
      --keyring-backend string      Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string    Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string         Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string           Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string            Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string           Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string        Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                  Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace              Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                  Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color                Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string              Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --source-hub-address string   The SourceHub address authorized by the client to make SourceHub transactions on behalf of the actor
      --tx uint                     Transaction ID
      --url string                  URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client tx](defradb_client_tx.md)	 - Create, commit, and discard DefraDB transactions

Commit message:

chore: Make keyring non-interactive (#3026)
## Relevant issue(s)

Resolves #2995 

## Description

This PR makes the keyring interactions non-interactive by requiring the
keyring password to be set as an environment variable secret. It also
adds support for that secret to be stored in a `.env` file in the
working directory or in a file at a path defined by the `--secret-file`
flag.

Making the keyring non-interactive is necessary to support automated
deployments.

docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_tx_create.md, after:

## defradb client tx create

Create a new DefraDB transaction.

### Synopsis

Create a new DefraDB transaction.

```
defradb client tx create [flags]
```

### Options

```
      --concurrent   Transaction is concurrent
  -h, --help         help for create
      --read-only    Transaction is read only
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string             Hex formatted private key used to authenticate with ACP
      --keyring-backend string      Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string    Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string         Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string           Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string            Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string           Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string        Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                  Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace              Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                  Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color                Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string              Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --secret-file string          Path to the file containing secrets (default ".env")
      --source-hub-address string   The SourceHub address authorized by the client to make SourceHub transactions on behalf of the actor
      --tx uint                     Transaction ID
      --url string                  URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client tx](defradb_client_tx.md)	 - Create, commit, and discard DefraDB transactions
