docs/website/references/cli/defradb_version.md, before:

# version

Display the version information of DefraDB and its components

```
defradb version [flags]
```

## Options

```
  -f, --format string   Version output format. Options are text, json
      --full            Display the full version information
  -h, --help            help for version
```

## Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --logformat string     Log format to use. Options are csv, json (default "csv")
      --logger stringArray   Override logger parameters. Usage: --logger <name>,level=<level>,output=<output>,...
      --loglevel string      Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --lognocolor           Disable colored log output
      --logoutput string     Log output path (default "stderr")
      --logtrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --rootdir string       Directory for data and configuration to use (default "$HOME/.defradb")
      --url string           URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "localhost:9181")
```

## SEE ALSO

* [defradb](defradb.md)	 - DefraDB Edge Database

Commit message:

docs: Streamline cli documentation (#2646)
## Relevant issue(s)
Resolves #2166
Resovles #2645

## Description
- Delete old cli dir
- Update make command to generate in the new website dir
- Actually update the documents in the new directory.


## How has this been tested?
`make docs:cli`

Specify the platform(s) on which this was tested:
- WSL2

docs/website/references/cli/defradb_version.md, after:

## defradb version

Display the version information of DefraDB and its components

```
defradb version [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -f, --format string   Version output format. Options are text, json
      --full            Display the full version information
  -h, --help            help for version
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --keyring-backend string     Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string   Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string        Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string          Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string           Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string          Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string       Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                 Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                 Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color               Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string             Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --url string                 URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb](defradb.md)	 - DefraDB Edge Database
