docs/website/references/cli/defradb_identity_new.md, before:

## defradb identity new

Generate a new identity

### Synopsis

Generate a new identity

Example: generate a new identity:
  defradb identity new



```
defradb identity new [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for new
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --keyring-backend string     Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string   Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string        Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string          Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string           Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string          Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string       Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                 Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                 Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color               Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string             Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --url string                 URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb identity](defradb_identity.md)	 - Interact with identity features of DefraDB instance

Commit message:

fix: Change new identity keys to hex format (#2773)
## Relevant issue(s)
Resolves #2770 

## Description
- Return the priv/pub keys in hex

Specify the platform(s) on which this was tested:
- WSL2

docs/website/references/cli/defradb_identity_new.md, after:

## defradb identity new

Generate a new identity

### Synopsis

Generate a new identity

The generated identity contains:
- A secp256k1 private key that is a 256-bit big-endian binary-encoded number,
padded to a length of 32 bytes in HEX format.
- A compressed 33-byte secp256k1 public key in HEX format.
- A "did:key" generated from the public key.

Example: generate a new identity:
  defradb identity new



```
defradb identity new [flags]
```

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for new
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
      --keyring-backend string     Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string   Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string        Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string          Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string           Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string          Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string       Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                 Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                 Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color               Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string             Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --url string                 URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb identity](defradb_identity.md)	 - Interact with identity features of DefraDB instance
