docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_p2p_collection.md, before:

## defradb client p2p collection

Configure the P2P collection system

### Synopsis

Add, delete, or get the list of P2P collections.
The selected collections synchronize their events on the pubsub network.

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for collection
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string            ACP Identity
      --keyring-backend string     Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string   Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string        Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string          Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string           Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string          Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string       Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                 Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                 Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color               Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string             Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --tx uint                    Transaction ID
      --url string                 URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client p2p](defradb_client_p2p.md)	 - Interact with the DefraDB P2P system
* [defradb client p2p collection add](defradb_client_p2p_collection_add.md)	 - Add P2P collections
* [defradb client p2p collection getall](defradb_client_p2p_collection_getall.md)	 - Get all P2P collections
* [defradb client p2p collection remove](defradb_client_p2p_collection_remove.md)	 - Remove P2P collections

Commit message:

feat: Add authentication for ACP (#2649)
## Relevant issue(s)

Resolves #2017

## Description

This PR adds ACP identity authentication via HTTP.

Notable changes:
- `acp/identity` has been replaced with the `acp.Identity` struct
  - `identity.PrivateKey` is the private key of the identity
  - `identity.PublicKey` is the public key of the identity
  - `identity.Address` is the bech32 formatted address for the identity
  - keys are all `secp256k1`
- `http` can authenticate requests using a jwt bearer token
- ~a random `audience` value is generated on every http server startup~
  - audience must be set to the defradb host name
  - ~api route `/audience` returns the random audience value~
- `http.Client` will create a signed token if an
`acp.PrivateKeyIdentity` is set
  - jwt token subject is the identity public key
- `cli` `--identity` flag is now a hex encoded private key

Todo:
  - [x] ensure acp docs are updated

## Tasks

- [x] I made sure the code is well commented, particularly
hard-to-understand areas.
- [x] I made sure the repository-held documentation is changed
accordingly.
- [x] I made sure the pull request title adheres to the conventional
commit style (the subset used in the project can be found in
[tools/configs/chglog/config.yml](tools/configs/chglog/config.yml)).
- [x] I made sure to discuss its limitations such as threats to
validity, vulnerability to mistake and misuse, robustness to
invalidation of assumptions, resource requirements, ...

## How has this been tested?

`make test`

Specify the platform(s) on which this was tested:
- MacOS

docs/website/references/cli/defradb_client_p2p_collection.md, after:

## defradb client p2p collection

Configure the P2P collection system

### Synopsis

Add, delete, or get the list of P2P collections.
The selected collections synchronize their events on the pubsub network.

### Options

```
  -h, --help   help for collection
```

### Options inherited from parent commands

```
  -i, --identity string            Hex formatted private key used to authenticate with ACP
      --keyring-backend string     Keyring backend to use. Options are file or system (default "file")
      --keyring-namespace string   Service name to use when using the system backend (default "defradb")
      --keyring-path string        Path to store encrypted keys when using the file backend (default "keys")
      --log-format string          Log format to use. Options are text or json (default "text")
      --log-level string           Log level to use. Options are debug, info, error, fatal (default "info")
      --log-output string          Log output path. Options are stderr or stdout. (default "stderr")
      --log-overrides string       Logger config overrides. Format <name>,<key>=<val>,...;<name>,...
      --log-source                 Include source location in logs
      --log-stacktrace             Include stacktrace in error and fatal logs
      --no-keyring                 Disable the keyring and generate ephemeral keys
      --no-log-color               Disable colored log output
      --rootdir string             Directory for persistent data (default: $HOME/.defradb)
      --tx uint                    Transaction ID
      --url string                 URL of HTTP endpoint to listen on or connect to (default "127.0.0.1:9181")
```

### SEE ALSO

* [defradb client p2p](defradb_client_p2p.md)	 - Interact with the DefraDB P2P system
* [defradb client p2p collection add](defradb_client_p2p_collection_add.md)	 - Add P2P collections
* [defradb client p2p collection getall](defradb_client_p2p_collection_getall.md)	 - Get all P2P collections
* [defradb client p2p collection remove](defradb_client_p2p_collection_remove.md)	 - Remove P2P collections
